I created this theme by taking the Index.html file and the Style.css file from the github 
repository https://github.com/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-clean-blog. I also used the provided
starkers starter theme: https://github.com/aaronallport/starkers. I opted to use the starkers starter theme
as I have never built a wordpress theme let alone used wordpress until I undertook this challenge.

My process is as follows, I forked the starkers github repo, then I pulled that using my github 
application and opened it with vscode. After this is merged the index.html file
into the starkers header.html and footer.html sections, and added the style.css to the starker file's style.css 
folder.

After this I went through all the static html and converted the necessary portions into php so that the website
would be dynamic, this took me some time as it was a first for me. Following this, I began implementing the required 
functionality one by one. First the logo and banner, I refered to the wordpress documentation on how to 
implement these features. Once I had implemented these two features, I wrote some basic php to make
the navbar in the html-header.php file dynamic. After this I implmented the required content sections
using advanced custom fields plugin, the only section which I could not implement using ACF was the blog section
and this is because I had a lot of trouble with the starkers barebones functionality for the blog section.

Finally, I decided to check if everything was working on a different pc with a fresh install of wordpress,
unfortunately my ACFs did not transfer in the manner I was expecting, thus I have reverted the code back
to a state prior to having the ACFs, the hard coded stuff for the ACFS of course was fine, however the plugin data
did not transfer, as I am totally new to wordpress and using plugsin, I did not realise this would be the case.
I did attempt to fix the problem by following the ACFs documentation, however, I have run out of time and thus I
had to revert to the prior state.